Week 1

Used AI to clarify what the question was asking me to do and to explain what I did wrong once I attempted.
Explain concepts I didn't understand


Week 2

For some of the questions I was confused on how to get started and how to approach, so I asked AI to explain what I need to do
and with its guidance I was able to write the code. If I got it wrong, then I asked to explain what I did wrong then went 
back to fix it


Week 3

I was confused on how to go about the questions so I asked AI to give me steps on how to go about the problem. I attempeted it and if I got it wrong
I pasted my code to see what went wrong and asked it to explain what and how to fix it and I tried again until I got it. When I was done I pasted the code
and checked if it was right and had it give me suggestions on how to improve.


Week 4

If I didn't get it right, I tried debugging on my own, but if I couldn't get it I asked what was wrong (just explain steps) and when it told me
I was able to go back and fix it. There were some that was a bit confusing but after I got guidelines on how to go about I was able to make 
sense of it and complete it. Asked for some examples. 


Week 5

I was confused on how to get started for some of them, so I asked how to get started and once I understood what I was supposed to do, I wrote it. 
However, after I checked if I got it right or wrong by putting it into AI. If it was wrong, then I would ask it to tell me what part of my code was
wrong if I couldn't find error and to describe it and using the explanation and help, I solved the problem (gave suggestions).

Week 6

I asked AI for some help in terms of understanding how to go about it. There was some confusing parts that I didn't get so I put my code in and asked
it to give me instructions on what I'm missing since there were errors in running my code and with its suggestions, I was able to fix my mistakes.
I rewrote and fixed it with the suggestions and ended up getting it right when it explained me what I got wrong and why it was wrong.


Week 7

I asked AI to help break down the problem for me in small parts so it's easier for me to understand and do the code part by part. After I wrote it, I
asked it to break it down and let me know what I got wrong, but don't fix it. Only tell me (if the code didn't run). Then I would go back and make the
changes to fix my mistakes and ran it again to check if it was correct. 